hi everybody so we're back with another
tutorial while this getting old fast so
we're going to continue with the next
game it's dreamfall chapters the first
book which is called reborn I want the
with the Fairlight release which is I
think the only one so this is like an
episodic video game just like the
walking dead or the wolf among us by by
Telltale and it's pretty good I'll I
enjoy it I have to say it's I'm not
going to spoil anything if you want to
find out just watching videos or go
download and play it and how to download
you wonder well let me show you just
click on this button right here you get
this torrent and your download is going
to start once you're finished you get
these two files you're going to mount
you need to have dymond diamond tools i
think it's called yeah installed on your
pc in order to do this to mount the
image if you don't want to install it
just extract it it's possible with
winrar and open folder so you're going
to get four files simply run the setup
application follow the instructions it's
pretty simple next next next next again
and it's going to install pretty simple
you don't need any cracks nothing else
just this I'm not sure well I'm not sure
about the controller emulator I haven't
tried it I played with a keyboard and
mouse and I don't know it's quite good I
don't usually play with keyboard and
mouse unless I have to but
this that's recording I thought I forgot
to press recording button is that would
be till talking to myself it would be
totally foolish I'm anyways its Cedars
man up I'm going to search for more
different users that uploaded the same
release I'm going to try to find maybe
another but fairlight is the official
release scene release so it has to work
so you don't need any additional cracks
just going to install it by using this
setup application and play the game and
weight of course until the next book is
out of course if you have any questions
and yet again oh I think I changed my
desktop background I hope it's not too
dark or maybe two I know I like it but
maybe it's not good for recording
anyways I hope you like it of course
you've had any questions just leaving
the comments below and I'll do my best
to answer thank you for watching and
I'll see ya in the next tutorial